And recognition is very important. I think the
university should do more of it. For example, I did
get the teaching award from the college. But I got
it at much, what the year was, 19. I had a bunch of
crap. I was a better teacher in 1970 than I was in
1990. I don't know why they gave it to me. Maybe they
gave it to me in 1990 because I was afraid I was going
to have a heart attack or something. Things were
given for the wrong reason. And they really should
be recognizing the young people early in the game.
They should recognize, first of all, whether the
person's any good in the first place. And there
should be more recognition made. And it's nickel
and dime stuff. It's not like you have to give them
thousands and thousands of dollars. I mean, a
little plaque would do it if it says, hey, we think
you're great. You've made a great contribution.
We thank you for this and thank you for that. I think
that's the one thing that A&M could have done more
of. Let's see. This is a question I hadn't thought
of. Do you have any Aggie stories? You know,
incredible, could have only happened at A&M? No, I
don't think so. No, I don't think so. All right,
let's quit then. Thank you.